Improved parser (#4)
viktor-platform/excel_graph_parser: README.md

# Installation

> Paste the link of this repository in your `requirements.txt`:

Reviewer: Pasting the link is no longer relevant, we should just add the dependency:

```suggestion
Add the `excel-graph-parser` dependency  in your `requirements.txt`:
```
Comment
